what's a unique way to serve your
signature party beverage at a Mad Hatter
Tea Party and teapots of course now
that's what I'm talking about yes and
your guests will certainly be drinking
from mismatched tea cups oh let the fun
begin but first I'm going to customize
my tea pots to match my decor using
these napkins as inspiration I was able
to decorate pieces to match simply by
using puff paint and glitter glue and
seriously I'm not an artist creative yes
but an artist know so if I can do this
you can do this simply follow the
patterns it's easy peasy now I'm gonna
fill them with my own special recipe for
tempest in a teapot follow me
there's two great things about this
recipe one guests get to customize their
drinks to taste using these adorable
personal sized coke bottles and to
making it doesn't have to cost you a
fortune because most everything you need
comes in these mini bottles for this
tempest in a teapot recipe grab yourself
a pitcher and then you're going to need
two ounces of tanqueray rangpur gin this
is our secret ingredient so don't skimp
on this alcohol you'll also need two
ounces of Citrus Vodka two ounces of
Captain Morgan spiced rum two ounces of
jose cuervo especial gold tequila or any
other premium tequila that you prefer
and two ounces of Cointreau now you can
use triple sec in a pinch but we are
going for a high-end cocktail here then
add eight ounces of Baja Bob's sweet and
sour mix this is another important
ingredient you can choose another sweet
and sour mix but be sure it's sugar free
too much sugar will ruin that intricate
flavor of our concoction and finally one
12-ounce bottle of Mike's Hard Lemonade
pour everything into your pitcher mix
well and chill when it's time for the
party pour your well cooled mixture into
your teapots later your guests will pour
a little tempest into their tea cup
during the party and simply add Cove
from their own bottle at their place
setting but be ready to refill your tea
pots as the evening progresses in fact
you may want to make a double batch I'm
just saying it is quite a tasty teapot
taste temptation truly you should try it